0
0
0
0
0
0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 10 10 10

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 9.69269 10 10.256

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 9.38537 10 10.5121

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 9.07806 10 10.7681

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 8.77074 10 11.0242

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 8.46343 10 11.2802

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 8.15612 10 11.5363

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 7.8488 10 11.7923

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 7.54149 10 12.0483

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 7.23418 10 12.3044

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 6.92686 10 12.5604

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 6.61955 10 12.8165

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 6.31224 10 13.0725

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 6.00492 10 13.3286

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 5.69761 10 13.5846

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 5.3903 10 13.8407

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 5.08298 10 14.0967

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 4.77567 10 14.3527

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 4.46836 10 14.6088

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 4.16104 10 14.8648

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.85373 10 15.1209

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.54641 10 15.3769

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.29037 9.87374 15.0696

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 3.03433 9.74748 14.7623

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 2.77828 9.62122 14.455

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 2.52224 9.49496 14.1477

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 2.2662 9.3687 13.8403

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 2.01015 9.24244 13.533

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 1.75411 9.11618 13.2257

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 1.49807 8.98992 12.9184

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 1.24202 8.86366 12.6111

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.985978 8.7374 12.3038

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.729934 8.61114 11.9965

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.47389 8.48488 11.6891

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is 0.112556 8.48488 11.8607

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -0.248778 8.48488 12.0323

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -0.610112 8.48488 12.2039

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -0.971447 8.48488 12.3754

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -1.33278 8.48488 12.547

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -1.69411 8.48488 12.7186

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -2.05545 8.48488 12.8902

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -2.41678 8.48488 13.0617

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -2.77812 8.48488 13.2333

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
player1 getposition is 10 10 10
player1->cam Location is -3.13945 8.48488 13.4049

I'm inside render_BasicDemo
numObjects is 14
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 0
shape is 13
shape is 11
shape is 0
